EduClasswork endpoints graph doc (#21131)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/educationmodule-update.md

---
title: "Update educationModule"
description: "Update an educationModule object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "cristobal-buenrostro"
ms.prod: "education"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update educationModule

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update an [educationModule](../resources/educationmodule.md) object.

> Only teachers in the class can do this. Note that you can't use a PATCH request to change the status of a **module**. Use the [publish](../api/educationmodule-publish.md) action to change the **module** status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only teachers in the class can perform this operation. Note that you can't use a PATCH request to change the status of a **module**. Use the [publish](../api/educationmodule-publish.md) action to change the **module** status.
```
